right yeah hi my name is Megan and I
always make sure that I have everything
I needed my dance pay for performances
and today I'm going to show you some
stuff that you should always keep in
your bag so I have my different types of
shoes I have my ballet shoes my jazz
shoes and my tap shoes the other ones in
there somewhere I also have my different
types for my beau dances so I have my
ballet tights and find a different types
and you always want to make sure you
have the right should use in the right
tights to go with your costume otherwise
you don't match everybody else I also
always keep a pair of leg warmers in my
bag so that backstage I'm never cold
I always also have a thera-band for me
not my feet cuz that's important too
let's see you always want to have your
makeup organized very performant so I
keep all of my makeup in this little box
all the time I have some stuff that you
want to have in there are like makeup
removing wipes and chapstick and q-tips
just little things like that
I want safety pins that's always really
helpful always one hairspray it's
important and some people say to get a
little bottle but I always have a big
bottle because my friends always forget
hairspray so you always want to have
some and then I keep off my hair stuff
in a little bag so I'll have my brush
and a wide toothed comb is I have really
thick hair and then a smaller one for
making buns and then lots of bobby pins
and in here I have hair binders and hair
nets and some more bobby pins because a
lot of my dances I have to wear a bun I
also always keep nail polish remover
because as you can see I have nail
polish on and you need to take it off
for shows you also want to have a water
bottle filled with water because you
don't want to get thirsty backstage and
I don't have this in my bag right now
but you always want to healthy snack too
so things I like to keep our carrot or
an apple or dried fruit nuts stuff that
gets you energized before you go out on
stage I also always have my phone in my
bag because I'm very forgetful so I find
you my parents to run up to the place
I'm dancing you have to get me something
I always have that and then when you're
getting picked up
it's helpful I already showed you that I
have my tights but I also keep an extra
older pair that's clean for a friend who
needs it or if I spill something on my
types I remember one time I had my
ballet tights on and I'm bright red
lipstick on now sitting like this I mean
down and I got a big lipstick stain so
as they said Vectra types I also keep a
lint roller because sometimes you have
black costumes that will get full of
lint or like me I have a dog so dog hair
that's always helpful if you're in point
you want to have tape to tape your toes
and a nail clipper and band-aids and for
me I have a foot injury so I always have
different kinds of tape and sometimes
you can have injuries backstage I keep
my trip I have hurt ankle
so I just want to have some sort of tape
or a brace and the last thing I have our
foot our knees or my sacred piece and
that's about all I have in here so make
sure to have all your stuff right